Random essay 1:
Many people do not realize, and often underestimate, the importance of good health. Health, as they say, is wealth. Good health is necessary to carry out daily tasks. When discussing healthy, many people would consider the condition of their bodies and forget about the condition of their minds. However, health is not only about alleviating and being free from physical aspects of health. It also means being healthy in mind too.
An unhealthy mind results in an unhealthy body. Good mental health helps you to make the most of life and enjoy it. Good mental health offers you a feeling of well-being and the inner strength needed in times of trouble or unrest. Everyone knows how to care for their bodies. This is done almost every day by the majority of people. Exercise and eating the proper foods are the best ways of keeping the body healthy. But, how does one keep the mind healthy? A healthy mind requires a lot of work, as well as, a combination of the right foods and exercise.
Most often, the food consumed has a pivotal effect on the body, as well as, the mind. A healthy diet consists of the right food groups with right number of calories. It does not contain an excess of sugar, salt, fat and alcohol. Selecting the right foods that provide energy helps the body to be healthy. This also helps the mind. An energized person is a happy person. Happiness is a state of mind. Without proper energy, a person can become angry, tired and sad. These are not good for the mind.
Exercise is extremely important to staying healthy both in body and mind. Being active can help a person continue to do things they enjoy and be independent as they age. Long term physical activity increases the benefits of long-term health. This is the reason many health experts advise individuals to be as active as possible and to set aside at least three days a week for some form of activity that keeps the heart beating at a steady pace. Physical exercise also has many mental benefits. For example, a person diagnosed with depression or anxiety is most often asked to conduct some form of physical activity apart from taking medication. This is because, the body produces hormones known as endorphins which improve mood and relieve stress. Depression can be alleviated by improving mood and anxiety can be relieved by reducing stress.
Another method of keeping the mind healthy is to exercise it as often as possible. Just as physical exercise is good for the body, so is mental exercise for the mind. There are numerous ways to ensure a healthy mind through activity. For example, doing cross word puzzles, calculating sums in the head, learning a new word every day etc. can be extremely beneficial for the mind. This form of mental exercise is not only for the elderly. It is for all individuals who wish to keep their minds healthy.
Very few individuals take the time to care for themselves with busy lifestyles and schedules. However, taking care of yourself is the best way of ensuring you live a long healthy life, not only physically, but also mentally.
Random essay 2: 
Bodybuilding Thousands of young men and women who wanted to gain muscular mass during the 1940's, created the sport of bodybuilding. Men and women of all ages started lifting weights so they could compare to the people whose bodies were more complex. Bodybuilding gained more attention in the late 1980's when the National Promotion Competition created more competitive events so the sport could gain larger crowds and more serious competitors. Since the early 1990's there have been millions of people spending more time in the gym on a regular basis, but there are very few people who choose to make a living off winning competitions. To be a successful bodybuilder there are many techniques you can choose to follow, but the competitor must realize what he she wants to do to their body. According to Aton Hutchisos, a former professional bodybuilder, "what you put in the sport is what you will get out of it"(Hutchisos). Hutchisos also stated " its hard to maintain and focus on the sport and stay self-disciplined, while not giving up when things become tiring and difficult". The sport of bodybuilding leads in two directions. One direction some bodybuilders choose to take is to use steroids. The other direction you can choose from is to be all natural with no muscle boosters. Most people who use steroids are unaware of the major side effects they cause. The most common side effect is the toxins in the steroids damage your liver severely. Even though many athletes know about the side effects, they continue to use steroids and develop testosterone, which creates more muscular mass for the athlete. However while they are gaining muscle mass, it is proven that steroids cause some people to lose their hair, develop breasts and reduce their sperm count forever. Steroids are drugs that should be outlawed from every aspect of life. Natural bodybuilders are very rare these days with all the technology around these days, and...
